Hello and welcome to this course about angler with taste and development.
My name is Bashar Karaman.
In this course, we will be building a web application with Angular.
One of the most used framework in front end world.
Compared to other popular component libraries, Angular is full blown front and framework, but this
course is not just about Angular.
It is also about how to apply test driven development in a project from the very first requirement.
We won't be doing any implementation before adding a test for that requirement.
Bangalore has its own test setup.
We will use it, but also we will practice an alternative set up by using the most popular test tools
in JavaScript world.
And that is set up can easily be applied to projects for view, react or Swelled.
This course is built on top of an actual application from beginning to the end.
And instead of showing the building blocks of Angular in an unrelated context, we see all of the pieces
together in this application.
So this project is creating a context and bringing the requirements for a web application.
So in this way, first, we understand what are the common expectations from an application?
Then we practice how to satisfy those expectations with Angular.
Other than angular discourse has a second major topic, and that is test driven development.
We will be having lots of test cases during development and we will do a lot of refactoring and we are
going to feel how the test driven development is liberating us about the way we implement our solution.
I hope you are as excited as I am to start this course.
Let's start building this application.